Adds how to run a collator using docker & system (#106)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: node-operators/block-producers/run-a-block-producer/index.md

---
title: Run Block Producers

> description: Learn how to set up and run Appchains block producers (aka sequencers or collators) using Docker or Systemd to participate in the protocol and earn rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up and run Appchains block producers (also known as sequencers or collators) using Docker or Systemd to participate in the protocol and earn rewards.
```
